Each player has two goals:

Personal - get into the bunker. 
Command - to ensure that only healthy and fit for survival people get into the bunker. During the game, you gradually reveal your character, show strong cards and explain why you should survive.

Player's guide:

In each round your party need to kick one of the players which in your mind is the most useless/dangerous in your bunker. 
The conversations has some special rules:
1) The first conversation starts from intodusing yourself and showing your job and one characteristic for your choice. 
2) Every player has two minutes to say about his usefull and show one characteristic on the start of the round; 
3) Every player has one minute to explain which person need to go outside the bunker;
4) Nobody can talk during conversation of other player! If somebody actually does, he got a fine point. When he collects three points - he will have a -30 seconds for his next speach. 

You can also get some benefits for you, or ruin game for other players useing your's action cards.

If you want to use an action card say 'Stop the game' and say which card do you use. Even when you got kicked, you have three secoonds to use an action card.

Victory Conditions:
1) have 25% of Bunker livers of man without childfree who could have a healthy child;
2) have 25% of Bunker livers of women without childfree who could have a healthy child;
3) have no people who goes against eachother. For exemple, one people have a fear of dogs, and the other one have dog with him;
4) don't have any people who have some mental problems which can hurt you and don't have any people whith contagious illness.

Leading's guide:

1) use command 'start' for start the game;
2) enter amount of players(you can play also), enter players names/nicknames.
3) send text files to players (don't look into them!)
4) introduse them a game and told them about rules(you  can send them a file 'rules.txt')
5) before kicking players after a wouting give them an ability say they justifications and start to count from 1 to 3 and give an ability to change their votes(It could posible to do one time in a round).
6) In the end of the game show the all cards, and give your verdict about your ability to life in a new world.
